Assassination Assassination Assassination
Roll Book Roll Book Roll Book Roll Book Now, then.
Let's begin homeroom.
Class monitor, on your command.
S-Stand!
Attention!
Bow!
Good morning.
I'll be taking attendance, so please, fire all you like.
Isogai-kun?
Present.
My apologies. I'll need you to speak up, what with all this gunfire.
Present!
Okajima-kun?
Okuda-san?
Present!
Kataoka-san?
Kayano-san?
Present!
Kanzaki-san?
All right.
Everyone on time, I see.
Excellent!
That makes me very happy.
He's way too fast.
So even the whole class at once can't bring him down?
We...
are killers.
And our target...
is our teacher.
Too bad.
Not one of your bullets hit me today, either.
Tactics that rely on sheer numbers neglect individual focus.
Be it line of sight, barrel position, or finger movement,
each of you was far too easy to read.
You need to be more inventive!
Otherwise,
you'll never be able to kill me. I can speed up to Mach 20, you know?
But, like, see...
There's no way you seriously dodged all of those!
I mean, these are just BB pellets.
You coulda just taken them on the chin.
Yeah! That's right!
Very well.
Gather up the BBs and hand them over.
I told you: these may be harmless to you...
but they're special anti-me BB pellets developed by the government.
If one hits me, it'll slice right through my cells like tofu.
They'll regenerate a few seconds later, of course.
I'm more concerned about you putting a classmate's eyes out.
No shooting in the classroom unless you're trying to kill me.
And I do hope you can kill me— before graduation, that is.
Now then, let's put away the arms and ammunition and begin class.
At Class 3-E of Kunugigaoka Junior High School, the assassination classroom,
the bell signals the start of another school day.
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
seishun satsubatsuron m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Young people's discourse on bloodthirst sei sei shun
seishun satsubatsuron
shun sa sa tsu tsu ba ba tsu tsu ron ron
Young people's discourse on bloodthirst
kuchi ni dasu no wa jikkou suru toki
We only speak of it when we're getting into action ku
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
ku m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Student No. 21 Fuwa Yuzuki
Student No. 13 Sugino Tomohito
Student No. 11 Shiota Nagisa
Student No. 6 Kataoka Megu Student No. 7 Kayano Kaede
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto da da
chi chi Student No. 21 Fuwa Yuzuki
ni ni Student No. 21 Fuwa Yuzuki
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto su su
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto no no
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto wa wa
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto ji ji
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto k k
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto ko ko
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto u u
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto su su
Student No. 22 Maehara Hiroto ru ru to to ki ki
sore ga kakkoii koto shitteru sa
Because we know it's cool that way so so
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
We only speak of it when we're getting into action
Student No. 4 Okano Hinata
Student No. 17 Nakamura Rio
Student No. 19 Hayami Rinka
Student No. 2 Isogai Yuuma
Student No. 23 Mimura Kouki
Student No. 3 Okajima Taiga
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke ka ka
re re Student No. 4 Okano Hinata
ga ga Student No. 4 Okano Hinata
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke k k
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke ko ko
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke i i
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke to to
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke shi shi
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke t t
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke te te
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
target sagashite bokura wa satsubatsu
We'll find our target and unleash our bloodthirst mo
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke ru ru
Student No. 15 Chiba Ryuunosuke tar tar sa sa get get
Because we know it's cool that way sa sa ga ga shi shi
te te bo bo ku ku ra ra wa wa sa sa tsu tsu ba ba
omoi wa mayou mayoedo susumu
We hesitate, but we proceed nevertheless tsu tsu
We hesitate, but we proceed nevertheless o o
mo i i m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
wa wa Student No. 14 Takebayashi Koutarou
Student No. 9 Kimura Masayoshi
Student No. 10 Kurahashi Hirano
Student No. 8 Kanzaki Yukiko
Student No. 25 Yada Touka m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Student No. 14 Takebayashi Koutarou
Student No. 25 Yada Touka yo yo
ma ma Student No. 14 Takebayashi Koutarou
Student No. 25 Yada Touka u u
Student No. 25 Yada Touka ma ma
Student No. 25 Yada Touka yo yo
Student No. 25 Yada Touka e e
Student No. 25 Yada Touka do do
Student No. 25 Yada Touka su su
Student No. 25 Yada Touka mu mu
Student No. 25 Yada Touka
We hesitate, but we proceed nevertheless
migite to migiashi issho ni desou da
We can barely walk straight m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
mi mi Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
Student No. 24 Muramatsu Takuya
Student No. 16 Terasaka Ryouma
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei to to
Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
gi gi Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
te te Student No. 18 Hazama Kirara
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei mi mi
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei gi gi
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei a a
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei shi shi
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei i i
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei s s
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei sho sho
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei ni ni
Student No. 26 Yoshida Taisei de de so so u u da da
Student No. 1 Akabane Karma
Student No. 5 Okuda Manami
Student No. 12 Sugaya Sousuke
Student No. 20 Hara Sumire m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Student No. 20 Hara Sumire
We can barely walk straight m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
nan nanda iraira no hadou wa
What is this wave of nervousness?
We can barely walk straight na na n n na na n n da da
i i ra ra i i ra ra no no ha ha do do
bokura no sonzai no shoumei m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Is it a proof of our existence?
u u wa wa nan nanda iraira no hadou wa
bo bo nan nanda iraira no hadou wa
ku ku ra ra no no so so n n za za i i no no sho sho u
u me me i i tsuki wo miage takamaru
It surges as we look up into the moon tsu tsu
Crescent Moon Crescent Moon ki ki Crescent Moon wo wo
Classified Information mi mi Classified Information a
a The "End" Class ge ge ta ta Reward Upon Success
Reward Upon Success Reward Upon Success
Reward Upon Success ka ka Superbeing ma ma
Ministry of Defense Ministry of Defense ru ru
Ministry of Defense
Destruction Destruction Kunugigaoka Junior High School
Kunugigaoka Junior High School Mach Mach
saa saa sassassatto start
Now, let's get this assassination started saa saa Mach
Mach Mach Mach Mach saa saa
Lessons Teacher sa sa Assassination Classroom
Assassination Classroom Assassination Classroom ssa
ssa Assassination Classroom Assassination Classroom
Assassination Classroom Assassination Classroom
ssa tto tto start start saa saa sassassatto start
Now, let's get this assassination started
yarikittenai kara yarikirenai
We can't stand still because we're not done ya ya ri
ri ki ki tte tte na na i i ka ka ra ra ya ya ri ri ki
ki re re nai nai yarikittenai kara yarikirenai
We can't stand still because we're not done ya ya ri
ri ki ki tte tte na na i i ka ka ra ra ya ya ri ri ki
ki re re nai nai m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
genjoudaha wo chiisana koe de
We start off whispering about overthrowing the status quo
ge ge n n jo jo u u da da ha ha wo wo chi chi i i sa
sa na na ko ko e e m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
yagate zekkyou shitaku naru aa de de
But soon enough we'll feel like crying out, "Argh!"
ya ya genjoudaha wo chiisana koe de
ga ga te te ze ze k k kyou kyou shi shi ta ta ku ku na
na ru ru aa aa m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
We can't stand still because we're not done ya ya ri
yarikittenai kara yarikirenai ya ya ri ri ki ki tte
tte na na i i ka ka ra ra ya ya ri ri ki ki
yareba dekiru sa We can do it if we try re re nai nai
yarikittenai kara yarikirenai
ri ki ki tte tte na na i i ka ka yareba dekiru sa
We can do it if we try yareba dekiru sa
We can do it if we try ra ra yareba dekiru sa
We can do it if we try ya ya ri ri ki ki re re
kitto dekiru sa Yes, we can nai nai kitto dekiru sa
Yes, we can kitto dekiru sa Yes, we can
kitto dekiru sa Yes, we can kitto dekiru sa
Yes, we can douse to iu no wa kantan dakedo
It's easy to say it's all futile and give up dou dou
se se to to iu iu no no wa wa kitto dekiru sa
Yes, we can ka ka kitto dekiru sa Yes, we can
Yes, we can n n ta ta n n da da ke ke do do
ima wa agaite mitain da But for now we want to fight it
i i Special Anti-teacher Bullets ma ma
Special Anti-teacher Bullets wa wa a a ga ga
Class Change i i te te mi mi ta ta Slithery Snicker i
i Slithery Snicker n n da da kimi to hajikete mitain da
We want to have a blast with you ki ki Ten Billion Yen
mi mi to to ha ha ji ji ke ke te te
Isolated School Building Isolated School Building mi
mi ta ta i i n n da da saredo seishun wa mirai e go
And we will still reach the future sa sa re re do do
sei sei shun shun wa wa mi mi rai rai e e go go
saredo seishun wa mirai e go
And we will still reach the future
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
saa saa saa m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Let's go saa saa saa saa saa saa saa saa saa Let's go
saa saa saa Let's go
m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
seishun satsubatsuron m 0 0 l 150 0 150 150 0 150
Young people's discourse on bloodthirst sei sei shun
shun sa sa tsu tsu ba ba tsu tsu ron ron
seishun satsubatsuron
Young people's discourse on bloodthirst
Episode Assass ination Time
Now, here's the question:
Isogai-kun!
Y-Yes, sir?
Which of these four tentacles is not like the others?
Um... the blue one?
Correct!
The only relative pronoun is "who," in the blue sentence.
A relative pronoun modifies the noun right before it, so the clause
Hey, Nagisa.
"who is standing over there" describes the "boy" here.
The crescent moon's out in broad daylight.
How did we end up in this mess?
As we began our third year of junior high, we were greeted by two extraordinary incidents.
The first was the sudden explosion that left the moon permanently crescent-shaped.
Most of Moon Missing?
Breaking NASA Reporting NASA Reporting
We interrupt this program to bring you breaking news.
We've just gotten word that about seventy percent of the moon
70% of Moon Vaporized 70% of Moon Vaporized
NASA (National Aeronautics and Space Administration) Reporting:
has been vaporized into nothing. I repeat...
Will we have only a crescent moon to look at for the rest of our lives?
And the second was his arrival.
How do you do?
I'm the one who tore that chunk out of your moon.
I plan to do the same to the Earth next year.
But until then, I'll be your teacher.
Nice to meet you.
There are at least six things wrong with this picture!
The feeling was unanimous.
I'm Karasuma, from the Ministry of Defense.
First, please understand that what I'm about to say is classified information.
Allow me to be blunt:
I want you to kill this creature.
Um... What's the deal?
Is he an alien invader or something?
How rude!
I'll have you know I was born and raised on Earth!
He was?
I'm afraid I can't discuss the details, but he's telling the truth.
And as he said, he won't stop at the moon. Next year...
he will destroy the Earth as well.
Only the world's leaders know about this.
If news of this guy got out there, we'd be looking at a global panic.
That's why we have to kill him in secret before that happens.
In other words:
an assassination.
But here's the catch.
His speed is unmatched!
You try to kill him,
and he ends up grooming your eyebrows instead—immaculately!
He's a superbeing with enough power to reduce the full moon to a crescent.
His speed tops out at Mach 20!
In short, if he actually wanted to get away from us,
we wouldn't be able to do a thing to stop him.
But where's the fun in that?
So I made your government an offer.
They will refrain from attempts on my life.
And in return, I'll teach Class 3-E at Kunigigaoka Junior High School.
What? Why?
We don't know what he's after.
But we had no choice but to agree,
on the condition that he doesn't harm any of you students.
Old Campus Old Campus Old Campus Old Campus Old Campus
Old Campus Old Campus Old Campus
We have two reasons for this.
First and foremost, if he's coming to a classroom every day to teach,
we can keep an eye on him.
And second, it gives some thirty people the opportunity to kill him from extremely close range.
Old Campus Old Campus
Nakamura-san.
Didn't I tell you not to let assassination interfere with your studies?
Sorry.
Stand at the back for the rest of this lesson and think about what you've done!
"How could you make this creature our teacher?"
"And why are you making us assassinate him?"
These cries faded as one final condition was announced.
Your success will be rewarded with ten billion yen.
It's only fair.
If you can assassinate him, you will literally save the Earth.
Fortunately, he doesn't think much of you.
See?
Those green stripes mean he's looking down on you!
What is he, a chameleon?!
Of course I am!
If the government can't kill me, how could you?
Even when they sent their very newest fighter jet after me,
all it got was a good waxing right there in midair!
What's with all the grooming?
So while this guy looks down on you, your job is to find an opening in his defenses and strike it.
We'll provide you with weapons and ammo that won't hurt humans but will work on him.
You must keep this absolutely secret from your family and friends.
There's no time to lose.
If the Earth is destroyed, we'll have nowhere left to run.
And that's about it.
Well then, I hope you'll make the most of your one remaining year!
We only have one year.
If we can't assassinate him by then,
the Earth will be history.
Ah, lunchtime!
I'll just pop over to China for some mapo tofu.
If anyone would like to try assassinating me, just call me on my cell.
Uh, let's see... if he's traveling at Mach 20...
...it'll take maybe ten minutes to get to Sichuan, the home of mapo tofu.
Guess no missile could shoot that down.
Heck, that octopus even grades tests while he breaks the sound barrier!
Seriously?!
He even did a little drawing on mine.
English Quiz: Infinitives and Subjects Isogai Yuuma
Perfect answer!!
Double octopus!
Isn't he actually a pretty good teacher, though?
He is!
I aced my math test thanks to his after-school tutoring!
Yeah, but... we are the E Class.
Tryin' our best won't do much.
Yeah...
He might be an octopoid superbeing —not to mention our target—
but...
for whatever reason, he's teaching us just like any other teacher would.
Likewise, we're perfectly normal students outside of the whole killer thing,
but E Class is a little different from the rest.
Hey, Nagisa.
Come with us.
It's time to put our assassination plan into action.
That octopus's face changes color according to his mood, right?
Did you note down all the variations like I asked?
More or less.
It's striped green when he's feeling confident, as we all know.
A kiha bara
When we give an incorrect answer, it's dark purple.
A correct answer makes it go bright scarlet.
Akiyama Kiyohara Burkleo
But what's really interesting is after lunch, when—
I don't need to know all that.
I have a plan.
And at the moment he least expects it,
you are going to carry it out.
M-Me? But... Don't be such a goody-goody.
We're the E Class—
the rejects that failed to keep up at this famous prep school.
They call us... the End Class.
The End Class Old Campus Old Campus Old Campus
Old Campus Old Campus Old Campus Old Campus Old Campus
Old Campus Old Campus
Every day, they send us to this isolated mountaintop campus
Old Campus
and discriminate against us in every way like we're scum.
Old Campus Old Campus Old Campus
You think us losers are ever gonna get another chance to score a cool ten billion yen?
We're gonna climb our way out of this shithole...
any way we can.
Just don't screw up, Nagisa-kun.
I heard Nagisa's headed for E Class.
Ooh. Well, that's it for him.
Class Change Notice
I better delete him from my address book.
Same.
I don't want anybody to think I'm on his level!
I'm back!
H-Hello, sir... What's with the missile?
A souvenir.
The Self-Defense Force ambushed me over the Sea of Japan.
I-It must be tough, having everyone after your life.
Not at all!
You know you're truly powerful when everyone has it in for you.
Now, I do believe it's time for fifth period.
Yes, sir.
He doesn't understand.
If you're everyone's assassination target,
that means they all acknowledge your power.
A creature like that wouldn't understand what it's like
for no one to expect or fear anything from you,
or even acknowledge your existence...
Thanks to you, my evaluation's in the gutter!
The only silver lining is I'll never have to see you again.
I might just be able to kill him.
After all, this teacher can't see me, either.
Old Campus Old Campus Old Campus
Old Campus Old Campus
All right, then,
compose a short poem to go along with our theme.
The final line should be "was tentacles all along."
Huh?
"Was tentacles all along"?
Indeed!
When you're finished, bring them to me.
I'll be looking for proper grammar
and whether you've aptly conveyed the tentacle's beauty.
An example:
Interpretation: A life lived vividly, powerfully, wasn't a blossom shower scattering cherry petals in the garden— it was tentacles.
"Not the storm of garden's snow Or flowers moving on"
"But sprouting there instead Was tentacles all along."
We have to write it was tentacles? Really?
Once you're done, you're free to go home!
How are we gonna write about that?
Now, now...
Aren't any marvelously slithery phrases coming to mind?
Slither slither slither slither!
Enough with the slithering!
I have a question!
Yes, Kayano-san?
It feels weird to only ask this now, but... what's your name?
How else are we supposed to refer to you specifically?
My... name?
Now that you mention it... He never did tell us.
Hmm... I don't really have the kind of name you tell people.
Go ahead and give me one.
You sure about that?
But right now, focus on your schoolwork.
Yes, sir.
Meanwhile, I'll just take a little break.
Finished already, Nagisa-kun?
After lunch, right around the time we get sleepy,
his face sometimes goes light pink.
He was a little slow responding to Kayano's question, too.
That might be when he's at his most vulnerable.
We prep-school failures are always thinking,
"We gotta get back at 'em somehow."
"We'll show our parents, friends, and teachers that we can do it if we try."
We can do it if we try.
Didn't I tell you to be more inventive?
We have to prove ourselves...
by any means necessary.
Hell yeah!
We did it!
Nagisa!
Ten billion yen! Cha-ching!
Serves you right!
Terasaka!
What have you done?!
Bet he never expected a suicide bomber!
Hey!
What'd you give Nagisa?!
Huh? A toy grenade.
But I beefed it up with gunpowder
so it'd shoot three hundred anti-teacher bullets at crazy-high speed!
Nothin' strong enough to kill human beings, all right?
My ten billion yen'll cover his medical bills no prob—
He's not hurt? Not even a single burn?
And what's with this membrane?
It's attached to that octopus's corpse?
As it happens,
I shed my skin about once a month.
I protected Nagisa-kun there by covering him with my old skin.
It's my once-monthly ace-in-the-hole.
Terasaka, Yoshida, Muramatsu.
You don't have to look at the color of his face to know.
Pitch black! He is furious!
You three... are responsible for this, aren't you?
N-No!
It was all Nagisa's idea!
He's gone!
The nameplates from our houses?!
My agreement with your government prohibits me from harming you.
But if you try another assassination like that one...
I might just harm someone else.
Your family, your friends...
Maybe I'll kill everyone on the planet except you.
It only took five seconds for everyone to understand.
Nowhere on this planet was safe.
Our only escape from this situation...
was to kill him!
What the hell's your deal, anyway?
You're a real pain in the ass!
Showing up all "I'm gonna blow up the Earth" and "Assassinate me"!
What's wrong with using an annoying method to kill an annoying guy?!
Annoying? Hardly.
Your idea itself was a very good one.
Especially you, Nagisa-kun.
The way you carried yourself so naturally on your approach gets full marks from me.
You did an excellent job making it past my defenses.
However!
None of you looked out for Nagisa-kun—
not even Nagisa-kun himself.
Students like that aren't fit to assassinate anyone.
We need an assassination worth smiling about—one to be proud of!
You're all capable assassins who have that power within you.
Just a few words of advice from your teacher-cum-target.
One moment we were being chewed out at Mach 20, and the next we were being praised with waving tentacles.
It wasn't your average education,
but it made me pretty happy.
All because this unusual teacher was actually willing to look us in the eye.
If you...
If you're willing to give up your time,
go teach those children.
What splendid tentacles.
With hands like these,
I'm sure you'll be a splendid teacher.
Let me pose you a question, Nagisa-kun.
I have not the slightest intention of being killed.
I will enjoy my time with you all until next March,
and then I will blow up the Earth.
If you don't like that idea, what do you plan to do about it?
We've never assassinated anyone before,
and there's plenty of other stuff we should be doing.
But, you know...
I think this teacher
might even accept us trying to kill him.
Before you destroy Earth... I'll kill you.
Then what are you waiting for?
Once you've killed me, you're free to go home!
Just like that, huh?
You know we can't kill you!
We are killers.
The sun shines The sun shines taiyou ga sasu
taiyou ga sasu And our target...
is our teacher.
Wipe, wipe, wipe it clean!
On the back of my closed eyelids
tozashita mabuta no uragawa ni
If we tried to shoot him now...
we'd just get polished like those nameplates.
We're never getting out of here!
I see red afterimages I see red afterimages
akai zanzou akai zanzou An unkillable teacher...
With a notebook and a pen in my leather bag
kawa no kaban ni nooto to pen wo
"Korosenai" for "unkillable," and "sensei" for "teacher"...
Oh! What about "Korosensei"?
Korosensei?
I go for a walk I go for a walk saa arukidasou
saa arukidasou
So here we are with Korosensei...
I keep drawing, but I can't get it to look pretty
kaitemo kaitemo kirei ni naranai
in our assassination classroom.
Old Campus Old Campus Old Campus Old Campus Old Campus
Old Campus Old Campus
The bell signals the start of another school day.
My choice of colors is not to blame
eranda enogu ni tsumi wa nai Old Campus Old Campus
Old Campus Old Campus Old Campus Old Campus
I still remember the shooting star I saw last night ki
no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi ma da o bo e
te i ru ki no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi
ma da o bo e te i ru ki ki ki no ki no no u no u u no
u no no yo no yo yo na yo na na ka na ka ka ni ka ni
ni mi ni mi mi ta mi ta ta na ta na na ga na ga ga re
ga re re bo re bo bo shi bo shi shi ma shi ma ma da ma
da da o da o o bo o bo bo e bo e e te e te te i te i i
ru i ru ru I I was wait ing for... ru I I was wait ing
for... I was I was was wait was wait wait ing wait ing
ing for... ing for... for... for...
He llo, shoot ing star He llo, shoot ing star He He He
llo, He llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing
ing star ing star star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga
in star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga in He llo, He
llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing ing
star, ing star, star, a star, a a ga a ga ga in ga in
in in I was waiting I was waiting ma tte i ta yo ma
tte i ta yo ma ma ma tte ma tte tte i tte i i ta i ta
ta yo ta yo The girl of many dreams
The girl of many dreams yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko
wa zu tto yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko wa zu tto yu me
yu me me wo me wo wo mi wo mi mi ru mi ru ru a ru a a
no a no no ko no ko ko wa ko wa wa zu wa zu zu tto zu
tto tto tto
Is always here Is always here ko ko ni i ru no ko ko
ni i ru no ko ko ko ko ko ko ko ni ko ni ni i ni i i
ru i ru ru no ru no no no
Just like you did that day Just like you did that day
a no hi no ma ma a no hi no ma ma a a a no a no no hi
no hi hi no hi no no ma no ma ma ma ma ma ma ma
Shine again Shine again ma ma ta hi ka tte ma ma ta hi
ka tte ma ta ma ta ta hi ta hi hi ka hi ka ka tte ka
tte tte tte
Ne xt Ep iso de
Haiku and tanka are the major fixed verse forms representative of Japanese culture.
A haiku consists of 17 syllables in a 5-7-5 pattern,
and a tanka consists of 31 syllables in a 5-7-5-7-7 pattern.
Nagisa-kun, haiku is the one that requires a seasonal reference!
Next time on Assassination Classroom: Baseball Time.
Episode Baseball Time